well howdy there know the people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
thermostats and how to take over the
Democratic Party thermostats like the
one in your office building
okay and when you're talking about in
big office buildings and commercial
places the thermostat that you as an
employee have access to most times it
doesn't do anything
it's placebo it's there to give you the
illusion of control it doesn't actually
do anything though you move it from 70
to 80 it doesn't actually make it 80
degrees some of them are even so
advanced that they have white noise
generators that make you think the air
conditioning has kicked on crosswalks a
lot of crosswalks are the same way you
push the button it's not even connected
to anything the crosswalk is just synced
up with the traffic signals for cars the
illusion of control I got a message Bo
you chomsky and a whole bunch of other
people seem to believe that voting is
the least effective means of civil
engagement to be honest you have
convinced me of this however none of you
people who are attracted to their
mothers not his term have ever laid out
a plan to change that could you for one
second
be Mik instead of Bo pretend that you
are advising people in some this is not
a nice term don't use this pretending
you were advising people in some
developing world country on how to
realign their government without
violence in short how do we take over
the Democratic Party Wow
I like it okay mask up buddy in the
United States and most representative
democracies you have a naturally
occurring power vacuum that you could
take advantage of
yeah voting is is not an extremely
effective means of civil engagement
civic engagement but it it is what it is
it's a tool that a lot of people can use
this is transferable to other countries
that power vacuum exists exploit it who
ends up in the leadership of the
Democratic establishment those who have
been there the longest those with
seniority kind of how it works
so for the moment if you're a voter
forget about the presidency forget about
the Senate really sure vote for harm
reduction whatever but those aren't as
important as you might think I mean they
seem important right now but long-term
if you want deep systemic change it's
gonna take a while
and like anything else real leadership
starts at the bottom not at the top all
those races that nobody really seems to
care about much your Sheriff County
Commission state legislature the House
of Representatives those those matter
more than you think those elections
they're easier to win they require less
money less influence they're attainable
goals right if you were to fill those
slots with people who are aligned with
you real progressives who think the way
you do eventually as the Biden's and the
policies when they age out those people
get sucked up into positions of real
leadership so the way it works if you
want deep systemic change you have to
throw some meat into that vacuum that is
aligned with you right now there's a
whole bunch of people pinning their
hopes on the Bernese in the a OCS and
that's all fine and good but just like
that conversation about social
progressives they're the first ones
they're the first ones they're the
advance team and they're fighting a
holding action waiting for
reinforcements if you don't give them
some allies they'll never get into a
position of real leadership
they'll become combat ineffective
because they can't accomplish anything
eventually they'll get voted out because
they can't accomplish anything you've
got to focus on those lower offices
those are the ones that end up mattering
because they will slowly alter the
overall view of the Democratic
establishment
now those thermostats you're right they
don't they don't change anything yeah
however in the more advanced systems if
you move it from 70 to 80 it sends a
signal it gets averaged with all the
sensors and everything else it won't
move it to 80 degrees but it might move
it to 70 to revolution by degrees I
guess I don't know that anybody's ever
articulated this plan but go back and
look at the politicians I've had on this
channel the Pearlman's the guitars those
real progressives who want deep systemic
change who are running for positions of
attainable offices if you want to use
this method if you want to use voting
that's how you do it again it's a long
fight it takes a long time but it's
something that will work
it's not as glamorous it's not an
immediate win but real leadership starts
at the bottom so your community network
that can help influence an election and
then that person as long as they make it
up without being corrupted you can get
people in office that reflect your
ideals anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good day